feat: enhance generators and add e2e tests (#132)
RonasIT/nx-generators: CONTRIBUTING.md

   - Add new or edit the existing generator source code
   - Follow the existing code style and patterns

2. **Update generator metadata**
   - If you've added new options or changed generator behavior, update the corresponding entries in `plugin/generators.json`, and ensure all options are properly documented

3. **Test your changes**
   - Run generators locally to verify functionality, for example: `npx nx g expo-app`
   - Run unit tests using `npx nx test nx-generators`

4. **Run E2E tests before submitting a PR**

   Run `npm run test:e2e` to launch an automated happy-path check (`e2e/run.mjs`, cross-platform — works on macOS, Linux, and Windows). It:

   - builds the package and publishes it to a local [Yalc](https://github.com/wclr/yalc) store
   - creates a fresh Nx workspace

>    - runs `repo-config`, `code-checks`, `expo-app`, and `next-app` with all optional flags enabled (expect of Sentry generators)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - runs `repo-config`, `code-checks`, `expo-app`, and `next-app` with all optional flags enabled (exсept Sentry generators)
```
